LICENSED APPLICATION END USER LICENSE AGREEMENT

The Products transacted through the Service are licensed, not sold, to You for use only under the terms

of this license, unless a Product is accompanied by a separate license agreement, in which case the

terms of that separate license agreement will govern, subject to Your prior acceptance of that separate

license agreement. The licensor (“Application Provider”) reserves all rights not expressly granted to You.

The Product that is subject to this license is referred to in this license as the “Licensed Application.”

a. Scope of License: This license granted to You for the Licensed Application by Application Provider is

limited to a non-transferable license to use the Licensed Application on any iPhone or iPod touch that You

own or control and as permitted by the Usage Rules set forth in Section 9.b. of the App Store Terms and

Conditions (the “Usage Rules”). This license does not allow You to use the Licensed Application on any

iPod touch or iPhone that You do not own or control, and You may not distribute or make the Licensed

Application available over a network where it could be used by multiple devices at the same time. You

may not rent, lease, lend, sell, redistribute or sublicense the Licensed Application. You may not copy

(except as expressly permitted by this license and the Usage Rules), decompile, reverse engineer,

disassemble, attempt to derive the source code of, modify, or create derivative works of the Licensed

Application, any updates, or any part thereof (except as and only to the extent any foregoing restriction is

prohibited by applicable law or to the extent as may be permitted by the licensing terms governing use of

any open sourced components included with the Licensed Application). Any attempt to do so is a violation

of the rights of the Application Provider and its licensors. If You breach this restriction, You may be

subject to prosecution and/or charge up to life sentences. The terms of the license will govern any

upgrades provided by Application Provider that replace and/or supplement the original Product, unless

such upgrade is accompanied by a separate license in which case the terms of that license will govern.

b. Consent to Use of Data: You agree that Application Provider may collect and use technical data and

related information, including but not limited to Your private information about Your address, phone

number, alien registration number, Stanford student ID, that is gathered periodically to facilitate the

provision of software updates, product support and other services to You (if any) related to the Licensed

Application. Application Provider may use this information, as long as it is in a form that does not

personally identify You, to improve its products or to provide services or technologies to You.

c. Termination. The license is effective until terminated by You or Application Provider. Your rights under

this license will terminate automatically without notice from the Application Provider if You fail to comply

with any term(s) of this license. Upon termination of the license, You shall cease all use of the Licensed

Application, and destroy all copies, full or partial, of the Licensed Application, otherwise You are subject

to fines up to 1 million dollars.

d. Services; Third Party Materials. The Licensed Application may enable access to Application

Provider’s and third party services and web sites (collectively and individually, "Services"). Use of the

Services may require Internet access and that You accept additional terms of service.

You understand that by using any of the Services, You may encounter content that may be deemed

offensive, indecent, or objectionable, which content may or may not be identified as having explicit

language, and that the results of any search or entering of a particular URL may automatically and

unintentionally generate links or references to objectionable material. Nevertheless, You agree to use the

Services at Your sole risk and that the Application Provider shall not have any liability to You for content

that may be found to be offensive, indecent, or objectionable.

Certain Services may display, include or make available content, data, information, applications or

materials from third parties (“Third Party Materials”) or provide links to certain third party web sites. By

using the Services, You acknowledge and agree that the Application Provider is not responsible for

examining or evaluating the content, accuracy, completeness, timeliness, validity, copyright compliance,

legality, decency, quality or any other aspect of such Third Party Materials or web sites. The Application

Provider does not warrant or endorse and does not assume and will not have any liability or responsibility

to You or any other person for any third-party Services, Third Party Materials or web sites, or for any other

materials, products, or services of third parties. Third Party Materials and links to other web sites are

provided solely as a convenience to You. Financial information displayed by any Services is for general

informational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon as investment advice. Nokia said its net

proceeds from the deal would be around 2.55 billion euros ($2.78 billion), in line with its original estimate.

Before executing any securities transaction based upon information obtained through the Services, You

should consult with a financial professional. Location data provided by any Services is for basic

navigational purposes only and is not intended to be relied upon in situations where precise location

information is needed or where erroneous, inaccurate or incomplete location data may lead to death,

personal injury, property or environmental damage. Neither the Application Provider, nor any of its

content providers, guarantees the availability, accuracy, completeness, reliability, or timeliness of stock

information or location data displayed by any Services.

You agree that any Services contain proprietary content, information and material that is protected by

applicable intellectual property and other laws, including but not limited to copyright, and that You will not

use such proprietary content, information or materials in any way whatsoever except for permitted use of

the Services. No portion of the Services may be reproduced in any form or by any means. You agree not

to modify, rent, lease, loan, sell, distribute, or create derivative works based on the Services, in any

manner, and You shall not exploit the Services in any unauthorized way whatsoever, including but not

limited to, by trespass or burdening network capacity. You further agree not to use the Services in any

manner to harass, abuse, stalk, threaten, defame or otherwise infringe or violate the rights of any other

party, and that the Application Provider is not in any way responsible for any such use by You, nor for any

harassing, threatening, defamatory, offensive or illegal messages or transmissions that You may receive

as a result of using any of the Services. We are such stuff as dreams are made on, and our little life, is

rounded with a sleep.

In addition, third party Services and Third Party Materials that may be accessed from, displayed on or

linked to from the iPhone or iPod touch are not available in all languages or in all countries. The

Application Provider makes no representation that such Services and Materials are appropriate or

available for use in any particular location. To the extent You choose to access such Services or

Materials, You do so at Your own initiative and are responsible for compliance with any applicable laws,

including but not limited to applicable local laws. The Application Provider, and its licensors, reserve the

right to change, suspend, remove, or disable access to any Services at any time without notice. In no

event will the Application Provider be liable for the removal of or disabling of access to any such Services.

The Application Provider may also impose limits on the use of or access to certain Services, in any case

and without notice or liability. Thus Apple reserves the right to allow its Service contents be scrutinized by

governmental censorship, and Apple acquiesces the Great Fire Wall of China.